One of the more commonly used APIs we'll be exploring is join.
The concept of join will be very similar to the ones that we've used before in SQL.
Inner, outer, left outer, right outer, etc.
But in streaming, we add another concept of streaming versus static DataFrames.
This table shows what types of joins are supported.
It's clear that inner join is supported,
whether it is a static or a streaming dataset.
When you use inner join on two streaming datasets,
you can use the concept of watermark.
We'll discuss it in our joining of
two streaming data sets and water mark in a later section.
A full outer join is not supported with a streaming dataset,
this is because there can be late arriving data.
Let's say some even was generated at time x,
but the arrival to the application was actually y,
because of these cases,
and these cases do happen often,
this could result in inconsistency in the output and produce undesired output.
We also know sometimes outer joins produce null rows,
and this could also create undesired output.